{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green100\blue164;\red68\green68\blue68;\red0\green150\blue149;
}
\vieww12000\viewh15840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\qc

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 BloomPro\'99\

\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 Congratulations on purchasing 
\i\b BloomPro\'99
\i0\b0  - a comprehensive AAA 
\i\b Bloom
\i0\b0  solution for desktop and mobile games!\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b\fs36 \cf0 Quick Start\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 It\'92s very easy to get started with 
\i\b BloomPro\'99
\i0\b0 :\
1. Select the camera you\'92d like to apply the effect to.\
2. Attach 
\i\b BloomPro\'99
\i0\b0  component by going to 
\i\b Component => Image Effects => BloomPro\'99
\i0\b0 \
3. Press play!\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b\fs36 \cf0 Effect parameters\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \

\b Quality\

\b0 	Set a suitable quality level for your target platform. Reduce the quality if you experience performance issues on the target device.\
\

\b Bloom Threshold\

\b0 	By increasing this value you can make a higher range of colors in your scene bloom. Lower values allow for a \'93dreamy\'94 look. Recommended values are 0.7 and higher.\
\

\b Bloom Intensity\
	
\b0 Increasing this parameter will make the effect brighter.\
\

\b Bloom Softness\
	
\b0 Adjusting this parameter will have an effect on the bloom gradient. Higher values will give you a softer bloom look, while lower values will make the bloom edge appear harder.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf0 Lens Settings
\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Lens Dirt intensity
\b0 \
	Increasing this parameter will make the lens dirt effect stronger. Setting this to zero will disable the effect altogether. \
\

\b Lens Dirt Texture\

\b0 	You can find a lens dirt texture in the 
\i\b BloomPro/Lens
\i0\b0  directory. More textures are going to be added in future updates. You may use a lens dirt texture of your own as well.\
\

\b Chromatic Aberration\
	
\b0 Enables or disables 
\i\b chromatic aberration
\i0\b0 . Chromatic aberration makes your scene appear more photorealistic. While this feature has a low impact on performance, you may decide to disable it on lower-end platforms.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b\fs36 \cf0 Setting up shaders to work with BloomPro\'99\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 	By default 
\i\b BloomPro\'99
\i0\b0  will make bright pixels bloom - any color brighter than the threshold will be affected. However it\'92s recommended to use emissive(such as default self-illumin) shaders to make particular objects glow brighter. To make your surface shaders glow, make sure to output to 
\i\b SurfaceOutput\'92s Emission
\i0\b0 , e.g.:\
\
	
\f1 \cf2 fixed4\cf3  tex = \cf4 tex2D\cf3 (_MainTex, IN.uv_MainTex);
\f0 \cf0 \
	
\f1 \cf3 o.\cf4 Emission\cf3  = _EmissionColor * tex.\cf2 rgb\cf3  * tex.\cf2 a\cf3 ;
\f0 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b\fs36 \cf0 Running on mobile devices\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 	Although 
\i\b BloomPro\'99
\i0\b0  has been heavily optimized, we cannot guarantee that it will run properly on all GPUs/older low-end mobile devices. If you experience performance issues on some mobile devices then you may set the effect 
\i\b Quality
\i0\b0  lower, and set the 
\i\b Target Resolution
\i0\b0  (in Player Settings) to 
\i\b Best Performance
\i0\b0 . Depending on the hardware you may also want to disable the 
\i\b Chromatic Aberration
\i0\b0  option.\
	On some mobile devices (iOS) setting the bloom intensity to a high values may introduce sampling artifacts. Make sure not to set the intensity value too high.\
	Note that due to GPU design differences the look may vary from what you see in the editor.\
 intensity may vary on different platforms. \
\
May look different from the editor on the actual device.\
\
	Due to GPU differences it\'92s also impossible for us to make sure that the effect will run correctly on all range of mobile devices (as well as any other complex image effect).\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b\fs36 \cf0 Tips & Tricks\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 	To achieve a \'93dreamy look", set the 
\i\b Threshold
\i0\b0  close to 
\i\b 0
\i0\b0 , and decrease the 
\i\b Intensity
\i0\b0 .\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b\fs36 \cf0 Support
\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 If you have questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at 
\b \ul goldenzebrasoftware@gmail.com
\b0 \ulnone , we will be glad to help you out.}